Blast them all to death for me.
It’s Fengtai.
Do you have anything else to say? I admit that you are the same.
I didn’t expect my agency to be included in the calculation,
But you are better than me.
It's you I underestimated.
However, you remember it for me.
I'll be waiting for you in the area.
I have always been able to help the president,
If you are confident.
I helped. Come clean quickly.
Be ethical. Those two were sent to invite the army,
What's good? OK.
Hello, President. I am Xiaoxue's grandfather.
I will continue to preach the way.
I know your age
The body is still so hard
If it weren't for you just now
Then of course it's a threat
These are my Su Jin and fourth brother
I just live and die.
I also want to keep them safe.